Interesting, could you elaborate more?;Risk taking is important for growth;Couldn't agree more
Never hear of Arno;Who is Arno?;Yeah, I heard it was a great event
I've heard it was a good story;Things went well;Excuse me but he didn't answer all the questions
Edits cannot be removed;Wohoo
What are you talking about?;Who is Hayek;Inb4 someone asks who is Hayek
Hate ads on social sites;I'm not on instagram;Yeah yeah
You are not making much sense but I'm cheering for you;What's <PERSON> take on this?;
Hey, wanna catch up and talk music later?;Cool
Do what?;Let's minimize commenting instead
Link please;Trolls? Cave trolls?
I think Michael Jackson himself is history;A true legend;Always a big fan of his music.
Cool man;Nothing to add to this
Donald Trump will not win in 2021;Wow, I never realized you were a Trumpster...;MAGA
Good story bro;NYC is the place to be;I had two cops pulling me over for not wearing a seat belt. A $50 fine followed.
AMD beats Nvidia any day;You affiliate? Could you give me discount link?
Lol, here we go again with the conspiracy theories;We should definitely raid Area 51
Don't post ads here;Blah blah;Just got one for my dad for christmas :)
Interesting;Yey
Nothing to add to this;
What book you reading?;Hey, wanna catch up and get some tea someday?
But drugs are good;Not all drugs that are illegal are bad;
Dude, you're always ranting about drugs;Very important topic here;
I think there's nothing wrong with it;I still have nightmares when I read about lucid dreaming
I love you too;Wendy doesn't love you
He who?;Sabin was the best
Game over;Thanks for playing, insert coins to continue;
Morgan freeman?;Don't keep this trashing thing up here, he's a perfectly good man for the role;You dreaming
Bitcoin to the moon;Like said before, a pyramid scheme;Bittrex is the best
Interesting;I'm not sure what mcafee has got to do this;I always thought the guy was pro security
I like to travel;If you're talking about the engine fault, it's typical of the newer models like this;I heard there was software problems
I will say now;I will say later
Ecstatic electricity;We all learned about it in school;Yes physics is awesome
But hiroyuki never came back!;Aww I'm sorry to hear that, is there anything I can do to help?
Is that a korean dance?;Hey to you too :);
You must be drunk;This post is pure gold;You must be out with John
Source?;What happened to the guy?;Great! Supporting the poor
There's always another one if it fails;What have I missed?
Apple over Windows, any day;It's called being off-the-grid
*Joe Tribbiani;My favorite;Excellent
At least not Apple keys;Yes but microsoft doesn't support rotation of the left key;I thought they don't do rotation?
